# calculator
A simple calculator app that does basic operations perfectly.

As the final project of my self-taught programming foundation for The Odin Project, this simple calculator seeks to test my knowledge of foundational HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. From creating the structure of the calculator in HTML to styling it in CSS and adding function and interactivity in JavaScript, there is a reason why the humble calculator is the last project to complete for my programming foundations. Not only will it test my knowledge of creating a website, it also help improve programming logic and problem solving as I will have to learn how to create a calculator which at first may seem simple, but will have many pitfalls and bugs to watch out for. From preventing the division of 0 to being able to chain addition, there are more than meets the eye when it comes to completing this project.

Along with the coding part of this assignment, I will also take advantage of this opportunity to practice writing good pseudocode and clean, readable code. They say that writing code is the easy part because maintaining and going back to upgrade your or somebody elses code is equally as important when it comes to good practices since it can help improve efficiency and reduce eye strain when trying to figure out what your spaghetti code does 😂. I will also use this project to make using the most common git commands until it turns into muscle memory. Finally, one last thing that I want to incorporate into this project is git branching and merging, which is useful for creating "alternate realities" of your code so you can freely change and update your code without interfering with your main branch if the worst comes to happen.

When I am finished with this project, I expect that I will be more confident creating basic websites and using good coding conventions and practices which was emphasized early on the foundations course. It also goes without saying that I will have a strong programming base and be comfortable with using visual code to write my websites. I will also be comfortable with writing HTML and incorporating both CSS and JavaScript into my code along with writing the syntax and codes to make it look pretty. The foundation courses have shown me how to search for things on the internet to improve and fix my code, and I hope to be more comfortable with googling and reading documentations in order to complete my project as it is a very common phenomenon for many coders and programmers.

While this is the final project for my foundation courses, it doesn't mean that its the end for my learning journey. In a way, programming is all about learning and improving and it doesn't seem to be the end anytime soon. I am very passionate about coding and wish to be a programmer one day (hopefully soon), and I am excited to see what I have to learn and improve in the future!
